[Detection rules] Add 7.16.0 updates (#1283)
elastic/security-docs: docs/detections/prebuilt-rules/rule-details/windows-defender-exclusions-added-via-powershell.asciidoc

* Threat Detection
* Defense Evasion

> *Version*: 4 (<<windows-defender-exclusions-added-via-powershell-history, version history>>)

Reviewer: Version incremented from 2 to 4

used to prevent and stop malware, it's important to monitor what specific exclusions are made to the product's configuration
settings. These can often be signs of an adversary or malware trying to bypass Windows Defender's capabilities. One of the more
notable [examples](https://www.cyberbit.com/blog/endpoint-security/latest-trickbot-variant-has-new-tricks-up-its-sleeve/) was observed in 2018 where Trickbot incorporated mechanisms to disable Windows Defense to avoid detection.

#### Possible investigation steps:
- With this specific rule, it's completely possible to trigger detections on network administrative activity or benign users
using scripting and PowerShell to configure the different exclusions for Windows Defender. Therefore, it's important to
identify the source of the activity first and determine if there is any mal-intent behind the events.
- The actual exclusion such as the process, the file or directory should be reviewed in order to determine the original
intent behind the exclusion. Is the excluded file or process malicious in nature or is it related to software that needs

> to be legitimately whitelisted from Windows Defender?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
to be legitimately allowlisted by Windows Defender?
```

### False Positive Analysis
- This rule has a higher chance to produce false positives based on the nature around configuring exclusions by possibly

> a network administrator. In order to validate the activity further, review the specific exclusion made and determine based

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
a network administrator. In order to validate the activity further, review the specific exclusion and determine 
```

> on the exclusion of the original intent behind the exclusion. There are often many legitimate reasons why exclusions are made

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
its intent. There are many legitimate reasons for exclusions
```

> with Windows Defender so it's important to gain context around the exclusion.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
, so it's important to gain context.
```

### Related Rules
- Windows Defender Disabled via Registry Modification
- Disabling Windows Defender Security Settings via PowerShell

### Response and Remediation

> - Since this is related to post-exploitation activity, immediate response should be taken to review, investigate and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Since this is related to post-exploitation activity, immediate action should be taken to review, investigate and
```
